2. Cloud Security Ecosystem: Cloud computing can be considered the most important of twenty-first-century information technology development for now. However, security is currently its most significant obstacle, especially in data privacy and data security. Some of the concerns like loss of data, traffic hijacking, resource isolation. Currently, we have many algorithms using encrypt data to transfer on the cloud and the Internet, including RSA, DES, AES; however, it does not tackle hackers anymore. The two most popular way to encrypt a message is: - Asymmetric: cipher will be created, and the sender, the receiver has two keys one public and one private.  - Symmetric: Sender and Receiver have the same cryptographic key to decrypt the data with the Shift Cipher.  A new way to encrypt data is proposed is that using the combination of AES (Symmetric) and RSA (Asymmetric). This technique of security involves a lot of layers and security services.  
Tran 14 
 
The users have to go through verification by getting validating the One Time Password (OTP) code. It is using to ensure people have authorized to access the data on the cloud. The key is generated by the time cipher is created. Like a Hybrid cloud, hybrid encryption is used by combining both Symmetric and Asymmetric techniques. The two keys will be saved on the database and then go to ASE to encrypt and RSA to store keys for the decryption process. Only when the receiver request to access that the decrypt key is generated and the process begins (Khana et al. 288-290).  • Significance: - In security and cryptography, the more complex and layer that security has, the more secure information is. - By combining two methods of encryption and decryption, it has implemented the methods in a more sophisticated way, so that strengthen the encryption process. 3. The benefit of Cloud Computing: Cloud computing gives users and businesses much benefit with its flexible and adaptable ability, such as: - Scalability: this is one of the most noticeable advantages of Cloud compared to other services. By using the cloud, companies do not have to forecast how many customers they target and how large their system should be. This forecast information may be inaccurate. Cloud offers a solution for this by giving instantly scale depends on the actual number that the businesses have. - Accessibility: as the cloud is on the Internet, we can easily search and do anything on the web. Workers can access the resource anytime, and provide customer help at any time globally on the system. Much new network was born, such as 5G lowers. The latency makes the connection is more stable and faster. - Automatic updates: when service providers roll out the new update patches, companies then have to update manually, which is very time-consuming. Sometimes it requires employers to update the hardware and software, which also costly. By using the cloud, again, everything is onboard; cloud service providers will take care of this. - Enhance security: Using the proper type of cloud can also help the business to prevent their data from information loss, data steal or cybersecurity, warfare. Security is a part that is focused on developing in recent times due to various causes. For example, customer data is stolen to send spam email which affects that company’s credibility. - Collaborations: When a device connects to Wifi, cellular data, that device connects to IoT to cloud, and to their company application, of course. Everything is connected, people between teams, groups, department are connected, which enable productivity, flexibility to better working performance. 
 
 
 