2. Hardware and Software Devices: To determine Computing devices for Cloud, it intensely depends on the workload of the companies. Some of the fundamental devices, such as: - Routers: It is used for transferring packet through the network. Each packet has a different identification called node and routers are responsible for delivering these packets to the right destination. After delivering to the right address, packets are then decrypted using the keys it has been generated before depends on the encrypt method and cipher key. We will more focus discuss this in Cryptography Chapter. 
Tran 18 
 
- Switches: is also a networking device used for connecting devices together. Unlike routers, switches only send the data to the specific destination instead of sending it to all the places. - The firewall: is one of the most crucial layers that any device must-have. It controls the traffic in and out of the data to ensure all the data is valid and does no harm. In order to that, the firewall has two sides in a network that are internal and external. The internal side takes care of validating the data that is going out of the system and revalidate data just got in from external. And so does the vice versa of the external side. - Cable: as mentioned before, it depends on the workload of the company so that the hardware is planned accordingly. Depends on the workload, different cables may be a suitable fit because its bandwidth is varying. It offers good transfer speed, and it keeps data transfer sufficiently good. However, costly and difficult to fix are the reasons each business has to determine its working size. - Modem: if the router is used to transfer packets, the cables are used for transmitting data, the modem is used for encoding information into the wave so that other component can transfer it to the destination. - Hard Drive: Hard Drive is used for storing data using the rotating-disk model, like tape. Incoming data usually stored in the hard drive. Software storage is also a significant cost component to be considered. It is a little bit lighter for cloud computing because it is already on board. However, with thousands of software applications, it is essential to consider what type of workload is needed as software, its dependencies, the operating system compatibility because it can cost an arm and leg for those components. 
 
 