1. Virtualization: Virtualization term, for more comfortable to imagine, refers to the situations that you only have one device, but you want to work on multiple OS when you only have one hard drive, but your computer there are up to two, maybe three different ones. It is one of the most fundamental parts of today's technology because it enables users, developers to work under, test application, software on the cloud-based environment. • How Cloud Computing differs from Virtualization? These two terms usually make people confused because some people think Cloud Computing and Virtualization all enable users to run different software applications in a different environment. However, there is some difference between these two terms: - Cloud Computing: Cloud refers to a broader and bigger system. Cloud computing is a combination of cloud storage, cloud application, software, platform. Cloud delivers a resource that is shared on computing or within an organization. Database, infrastructure, software, the platform can also be delivered as a Service (aaS) and all the data. The resource is transferred through the Internet. - Virtualization: Basically, virtualization is a subset of Cloud Computing. The idea of Virtualization is that it splits a unit into different units so that it is easier to work with. It empowers the cloud by making it works under different conditions. Virtualization products usually are combined as a part of the cloud service. • Different types of Virtualization: Although virtualization is varied, it is cleared to said the function of the virtual machine would not be as strong as on the original machine. The hypervisor layer is using to monitor and virtualize the resource of the host machine. There are six types of virtualization in cloud computing: - Network Virtualization: It can combine many into one or split one into many networks in order to work in organizing and increase network productivity performance. By separating the network, it can decrease the complexity of a network so that users can manage it easier. - Storage Virtualizing: This type of virtualization segregate data stored on interconnected devices into different devices for easier to backup, archive, and retrieving. This method is beneficial for businesses that have much data or growing very fast. When they have too much data need to back up, they usually divide the data into groups so that the backup process can work more effectively. However, this process also depends on the workload and the capacity of the system. - Server Virtualization: this method virtualizes the original server into multiple by changing its name, identity, number, and operating system. Still, the basic idea of virtualization, this method is used to reduce the complexity of a server so that the resource can be shared with different simulated servers that used for sharing and utilizing data without changing the capacity of the server. - Data Virtualization: This method is the technique of approach data, and manipulate its location, format, or performance in order to be easier for access without requiring indepth skills. Some tools can be used to do data virtualization such as Actifio, Denodo, IBM Cloud Spark for Data, Oracle Data Service Integrator, etc. 
Tran 21 
 
- Desktop Virtualizing: this method enables users to access a server remotely, makes their desktop become a workstation so that they can work, use the server resource, access data remotely. This method is widely used because of its convenience, and it is also secured and portable rather than download from the Web. For example, Drexel College of Computing and Informatics (CCI) also use this to enable students to work on lab class using Remote Desktop Connection on Window and the same type of apps on different OS.  - Application Virtualization: this method allows users to encapsulate a computer program on the original operating system without necessarily installing that application to be executed. Moreover, it can create another OS to run on this OS. This method saves a lot for users’ storage and money because they do not need to buy a separated device or download the application. An example of this is Bluestacks, which let users run Android on their Mac OS or Window OS (Eugene). • Significance: - Virtualization makes cloud computing even more powerful with its ability to run applications, OS, software without really having it. 