1. Deployment models of cloud database: The database is a collection of data in which is organized in a different structure, category. A database usually used by businesses that have a large volume of data and need to be arranged orderly for strategizing purposes. There are multiple languages and programming languages that can be used for database programming for different purposes and deployment models such as Python, SQL, jQuery, DDL. 
Cloud database is technically still a database, but instead of being stored locally on the system computer, it will stay on the cloud. It can be either structured or unstructured, and it can be used on different types of the cloud platform, including public, private, and hybrid. When the cloud is accelerating dramatically, cloud database development is inevitable because of the benefit that it brings to. Instead of devoting money for local storage for the yottabyte of data, the cloud is a better and more economical way. Moreover, it also gives business in storing data because it prevents them from data losses, data corruption and serves for their data velocity, variety. 
To run a database on cloud, businesses have to use either of two ways, including Virtual Machine image, and Database as a Service (DBaaS): 
- Virtual Machine Image: Usually, a cloud service comes with a provisioning service in which it will monitor a database, create rules automatically for users. However, Virtual Machine Image does not come with it. The main difference between the two types of cloud databases is the amount of service that it offers to the users. It takes very fast to config the service, very economical way as it does not cost much, but users have to monitor it themselves, config the file system, ports, network by themselves. For example, Oracle offers users two types of service levels: Oracle Cloud Database Service, and Oracle Cloud Database Service – Virtual Machines with a much lower price for Virtual Machines option. (Shuff) - DataBase as a Service (DBaaS): As this paper has mentioned earlier in Chapter I, there different types of Services that offer to users on a cloud platform such as PaaS, IaaS, SaaS. These services provide users specific application, the platform that users can use with a variety of options and functionality. DataBase as a Service (DBaaS) instead provides a user Database service in which Database providers will be responsible for administrative tasks such as installing or maintaining the facility. Furthermore, they charge for the service is scalable depends on the amount of service, applications users opt-in, and use. One of the most critical components of this service model is Database manager. This application will play as an administrator role that will take control of managing underlying API. 