2. Data Models: 
There are multiple database models, such as centralized databased, distributed databases, personal databases. One of the most popular models that are using is a relational database because of its convenience and easy to use. The relational database arranges the data by the table that depends on the relationship between the data category so that it more accessible to easy for managing and finding because it easy for the user to breakdown by groups.  
Tran 25 
 
A database usually programmed by a particular language, for example, SQL (Structured Query Language). SQL works well with the strict relationship between data in the relational database. However, the relational database does not work well with the system designed for distribution. With that being said, there are some basic tasks, but the relational database needs very complexity methods, it is noted that the relational database using SQL is not suitable for the data-intensive system. Meanwhile, NoSQL idea is also introduced in which provides better scalability, excellent performance (Anjomshoaa Tjoa 2). 
So it is imperative to distinguish SQL and NoSQL databases.  
- SQL databases: this type of database can either run on a virtual machine or as a Service. SQL database is straightforward to scale vertically, horizontally, to fit the need. There are multiple vendors that the SQL Data model is using. For example, IBM DB2, MySQL, NuoDB, Oracle Database are vendors that are using SQL model as Virtual Machine Deployment; Amazon Relational Database Service, Google Cloud SQL are some that are using it in the model of Database as a Service (DBaaS) - It is a newly introduced idea and built to write scale up and down quickly. However, most of the application was writing for the SQL database method, so using NoSQL requires users to rewrite the code for the application. However, in the future, if this method becomes popular, this issue is likely to be resolved. JSON, binary JSON are some NoSQL capabilities. 3. How businesses manage the data? 
As the data keep continue to stack up, the databases are going to asymptote Big data, the term that technically defined as a volume of data that can not be held by any single device in the world; based on this self-defined definition the limit of big data will continue to change and increase annually. With that being said, finding a way to manage data effectively is a big question with growing companies that have an enormous volume of data stack up every day. Not only storing it, but they also have to find out how to analyze, use those resource to manage the velocity and variety of that data but still able to find out the integrity of the data as well.   
 CIO usually the position who considers the data infrastructure to decide what their companies platform should be that scale their need the most, but also merely the data integration process. Besides, Business Intelligence (BI) has been involving in this field to play as a role of the decision-making process. There are some ways that businesses can use to manage their data effectively: - Using robust BI service: Some people are misunderstanding that only big firm that has a lot of data project need to use data service. Reality shows an entirely different scenario. Every company in this period needs to gather, store, process, analyze the data; those are why a company should have a database service provider. - Acquire data skills: Although there are a lot of services available in the market, it is essential to have some data analytics, consultants in the companies as these people will identify the problems, error a report may have. Self-data-driven is always better. 